salsa this morning you want to do it on
Super Bowl Sunday little salsa when we
get a touchdown yeah we do right now
here we go this is our time you know so
we're not talking about you know the
salsa when it comes to Sunday not chips
not the data anything is all about dance
you know all because of Victor Cruz our
boy you see that he didn't hear first
with us
that's absolutely should we show them
again just to remind you
all right so Mele Torres is back and her
dancers from danceOn to studio and Carl
of Mob Wives we're going to learn how to
salsa so you said it's a lie you guys
beyond - technically - oh yeah she
always wanted to learn okay yeah all
right so here we go we're gonna start
with your right foot you're going to
take two steps forward go right left and
take one step back okay when you're
going to go with your left and take to
subscribe left when this is where the
hips towards went and you start working
those hips step it back my own thing
yeah work those hips one's got the disco
hips did you see it oh shoot Brooklyn
she's got the bounce yeah she does have
the back it has a bounce my friends all
my friends on Staten Island have a
bounce back let's do let's take that
bounce and go go into a side basic which
is kind of what you see okay here we go
it's time right so you're going to put
feet together together step with your
right sway your hips to the left way
them to the right all right so just go
side to side and that's our side to it
so when you see him waving and talk
they'll have to concentrate I can't talk
tell me that Drita's a good dancer yes
here you go help the music electronic a
Staten Island
oh yeah yeah yeah there we go
you want to count us down ready we're
going forward I'm gonna go forward first
okay
and five six seven and one forward and
back ready and two forward and two back
that's it okay you guys so good you know
my husband he loves you know he wants
banish women keep up with all your
Spanish girl there you go all right now
that's the side to side right but really
worked as hit sway sway sway all right
we're gonna get you to school we have
two hour break we're all gonna keep it
moving and then have them when we come
back right here wait am I did he do
you're like I'm third avenue being rich